Documentation content additions and revisions for M2 (#207)
datajoint/datajoint-docs: contents/concepts/03-Normalization.rst

For example, the outputs of operators :ref:`restriction <restriction>`, :ref:`proj <proj>`, and :ref:`aggr <aggr>` retain the same entity type as the (first) input.
The :ref:`join <join>` operator produces a new entity type comprising the pairing of the entity types of its inputs.
:ref:`Universal sets <universal-sets>` explicitly introduce virtual entity sets when necessary to accomplish a query.

Examples of poor normalization
------------------------------

> Some design choices that work well in other database systems poorly fit DataJoint's emphasis on entity normalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design choices lacking entity normalization may lead to data inconsistencies (anomalies). 
```

> Below are several examples of poorly normalized designs and improved alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are several examples of poorly normalized designs and their normalized alternatives.
```

Indirect attributes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

All attributes should apply to the entity itself.
Avoid attributes that actually apply to one of the entity's other attributes.
For example, consider the table ``Author`` with attributes ``author_name``, ``institution``, and ``institution_address``.
The attribute ``institution_address`` should really be held in a separate ``Institution`` table that ``Author`` depends on.

Repeated attributes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Avoid tables with many attributes that are merely different instances of the same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid tables with repeated attributes of the same type. 
```

A better solution is to create a separate table that depends on the first (often a :ref:`part table <master-part>`), with multiple individual entities rather than repeated attributes.
For example, consider the table ``Protocol`` that includes the attributes ``equipment1`, ``equipment2``, and ``equipment3``.
A better design would be to create a ``ProtocolEquipment`` table that links each entity in ``Protocol`` with multiple entities in ``Equipment`` through :ref:`dependencies <dependencies>`.

> Optional attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inapplicable attributes
```

Author: Maybe `optional` is the wrong word, but I don't think ` inapplicable` quite does the trick, because it doesn't indicate the reason this design choice is wrong. "Attributes that only apply to some of the entities" doesn't roll off of the tongue well.

Author: How about `inconsistently applicable`?

Reviewer: "Attributes that do not apply to all entities"

Author: ```suggestion
Attributes that do not apply to all entities
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

All attributes should be relevant to every entity in a table.

> Attributes that do not apply to all entities should be moved to another dependent table containing only the appropriate entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some attributes only apply to a subset of entities in the table, that subset probably describes a distinct entity set that belongs in a different table. 
```

For example, a table ``Protocol`` should include the attribute ``stimulus`` only if all experiment protocols include stimulation.

> If the not all entities in ``Protocol`` involve stimulation, then the ``stimulus`` attribute should be located in another table that depends on ``Protocol`` and references its entities as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the not all entities in ``Protocol`` involve stimulation, then the ``stimulus`` attribute should be moved to the part table ``Protocol.Stimulus`` that depends on ``Protocol``.
Only protocols that have a stimulus will have an entry in ``Protocol.Stimulus``.
```
